CASMINST-4608 / CASMINST-4838 / CASMHMS-5598 (#2066)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/security_and_authentication/Change_Credentials_on_ServerTech_PDUs.md

- This procedure does not update the default credentials that RTS uses for new ServerTech PDUs added to a system. To change the default credentials, see
  [Update default ServerTech PDU Credentials used by the Redfish Translation Service](Update_Default_ServerTech_PDU_Credentials_used_by_the_Redfish_Translation_Service.md).
- ServerTech PDUs running firmware version `8.0q` or greater must have the password of the `admn` user changed before the JAWS REST API will function as expected.

> - The default user/password for ServerTech PDUs is `admn`/`admn`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default user/password for ServerTech PDUs is `admn`/`admn`.
```

Author: Updated

    Server: ServerTech-AWS/v8.0v
    ```

>     *NOTE*: The firmware version is listed after the '/' in the output in this case the firmware version is `8.0v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE**: The firmware version is listed after the '/' in the output. In this case, the firmware version is `8.0v`.
```

Author: Updated

    x3000m0
    ```

>     If some or all of the PDUs have NOT been discovered by HSM, you will need to obtain the xname for each of the ServerTech PDUs on the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If some or all of the PDUs have NOT been discovered by HSM, you must obtain the component name (xname) for each of the ServerTech PDUs on the system.
```

Author: Updated
